README.md, before:

# 🗞️ Newspaper

**Newspaper** is a lightweight Android news app that keeps you up to date with the latest headlines.  
Browse news from different sources, switch between light and dark themes, and let the background service fetch the latest updates for you.

---

## ✨ Features

- 📰 Display latest news from multiple sources  
- 🌗 Light & Dark mode support  
- ⚙️ Settings screen for app preferences  
- 🔄 Background foreground service for live news updates  
- 🚀 Fast, simple, and clean UI  
- 📡 Auto refresh to keep news up to date


# 🗞️ Newspaper

**Newspaper** یک اپلیکیشن سبک اندروید برای نمایش آخرین اخبار است.  
اخبار را از منابع مختلف مرور کنید، بین حالت روشن و تاریک سوییچ کنید و اجازه دهید سرویس پس‌زمینه آخرین اخبار را برای شما به‌روزرسانی کند.

---

## ✨ قابلیت‌ها

- 📰 نمایش آخرین اخبار از منابع مختلف  
- 🌗 پشتیبانی از حالت روشن و تاریک  
- ⚙️ صفحه تنظیمات برای انتخاب ترجیحات اپ  
- 🔄 سرویس Foreground برای دریافت اخبار زنده  
- 🚀 رابط کاربری سریع، ساده و تمیز  
- 📡 بروزرسانی خودکار اخبار

- ## 🖼️ Screenshots

<h2>🖼️ Screenshots</h2>

<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://uploadkon.ir/uploads/5d8512_26sc-serice.png" alt="Foreground Service" width="250"/><br/>
      Foreground Service running and fetching latest news
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://uploadkon.ir/uploads/e5b312_26sc-dark-home.png" alt="Dark Home Screen" width="250"/><br/>
      Dark Home screen showing latest news
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://uploadkon.ir/uploads/e5b312_26sc-dark-setting.png" alt="Dark Settings" width="250"/><br/>
      Dark Settings screen with Light/Dark toggle
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://uploadkon.ir/uploads/014c12_26sc-light-home.png" alt="Light Home Screen" width="250"/><br/>
      Light Home screen showing latest news
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://uploadkon.ir/uploads/014c12_26sc-light-setting.png" alt="Light Settings" width="250"/><br/>
      Light Settings screen with toggle
    </td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity and feature presentation
Updated the README to enhance clarity and presentation of features, including improved descriptions and screenshots.

README.md, after:

# 🗞️ Newspaper

**Newspaper** is a sleek, lightweight Android news app designed to keep you informed with the latest headlines.  
Browse news from multiple sources, switch seamlessly between Light and Dark modes, and enjoy automatic updates through the background foreground service.

---

## ✨ Features

- 📰 Aggregates news from multiple sources  
- 🌗 Full Light & Dark theme support  
- ⚙️ Customizable settings for a personalized experience  
- 🔄 Foreground service for live, automatic news updates  
- 🚀 Fast, smooth, and clean user interface  
- 📡 Auto-refresh to always keep you updated  

---

# 🗞️ Newspaper

**Newspaper** یک اپلیکیشن اندروید سبک و مدرن است که شما را با آخرین اخبار به‌روز نگه می‌دارد.  
اخبار را از منابع مختلف مرور کنید، بین حالت روشن و تاریک سوییچ کنید و با سرویس پس‌زمینه، همیشه آخرین اخبار در دسترس شماست.

---

## ✨ قابلیت‌ها

- 📰 جمع‌آوری اخبار از منابع مختلف  
- 🌗 پشتیبانی کامل از حالت روشن و تاریک  
- ⚙️ تنظیمات شخصی‌سازی شده برای تجربه کاربری بهتر  
- 🔄 سرویس Foreground برای بروزرسانی خودکار اخبار  
- 🚀 رابط کاربری سریع، روان و مینیمال  
- 📡 بروزرسانی خودکار برای همیشه به‌روز بودن  

---

## 🖼️ Screenshots

<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://uploadkon.ir/uploads/5d8512_26sc-serice.png" alt="Foreground Service" width="250"/><br/>
      Foreground Service running and fetching latest news
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://uploadkon.ir/uploads/e5b312_26sc-dark-home.png" alt="Dark Home Screen" width="250"/><br/>
      Dark Home screen showing latest news
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://uploadkon.ir/uploads/e5b312_26sc-dark-setting.png" alt="Dark Settings" width="250"/><br/>
      Dark Settings screen with Light/Dark toggle
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://uploadkon.ir/uploads/014c12_26sc-light-home.png" alt="Light Home Screen" width="250"/><br/>
      Light Home screen showing latest news
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://uploadkon.ir/uploads/014c12_26sc-light-setting.png" alt="Light Settings" width="250"/><br/>
      Light Settings screen with toggle
    </td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>
